2/3/2020
  Spent an hour reading about user stories, developing user stories for BattleShip project, and getting repository set up.
2/7/2020
  Spent 15 minutes assigning times to the user stroies with Theng.
2/9/2020
  Spent 2.5 hours with Theng doing the first three user stories.
2/15/2020
  Spent 2 hours with Theng working on user stories. At this point I will work on board graphics and Theng will work on friendly controls.
  After we will join back together again and continue user stories.
2/15/2020
  Spent one hour working on nicer board printing alone. Severely over estimated the time required to do the nicer graphics user story.
2/16/2020
  Spent three hours with Theng working on refactoring code and the easy mode for the Bot option.
2/16/2020
  Spent hour and a half working on the hardmode bot.
2/17/2020
  Spent three hours working on all three bot levels and one hour on fixing user input.
2/19/2020
  Spent a hour with Theng commenting all code files.
  
Paired programing review: I believe that paired programming had a positive inpact on this project. Theng and I code very differently and 
    the begining it was very slow but after we figured out the best way to do it we were off to the races. We had better names for
    things and had a good stepping stone for when we were working alone. When we were coding the other would often catch common errors
    such as checking user input all the way or edge cases for working with the boards.
    
TDD Review: It was annoying going through and testing everything previously tested by hand every time we added something. This is
    because with doing user input and gui output as a part of the first user stories it is harder to do automated TDD. Although it was
    annoying I feel it helped prevent a lot a dumb little bugs like bad user input causeing the program to crash. With out it I believe
    Theng and I would have tryed to get a working game and then go through and hunt for bugs which would take a lot more time and would
    have led to sloppier code.
